Now it is time for you to practice.
In this task.
You will be building this login form so the layout will be like this.
It is almost identical with the sign up, but the difference is we only have the email and password
inputs and we have this header and we have the button and just like we do in the signup form, it is
initially the button is initially disabled.
After you fill the form like adding values for the email and password, the button will be enabled and
when you click the login it's going to be making API across the back end.
And here we see the spinner and the button is disabled at the moment and after failed response like
these are not valid credentials and is returning a4001 response and that response you are receiving
from the account will be visible in the search box right here.
For your reference, I would like to show the request right here.
The request is going to this end point API one zero ODE and the response is like this there is object
having a message field and having this text in it.
We are just taking this text and showing right here so you don't have to handle the success case.
You just handle the error case and show the error message right here and just make sure there is this
spinner visibility and the button is disabled during the API call.
So this is the task.
Again, you can use the sign up component as a reference both in terms of having the template or the
component implementation, but also you can use it as a reference for the test codes.
In the next part, I will be showing how to do this and we will be using different approach in the sign
up component.
We were using the reactive form, but in logging we will use the template driven form so that we have
more practice on that area.